[Music]
my name is Suren Ishii I do tech in
creativity video so other day I was
looking at my YouTube analytics and
apparently 60% of you guys who watch my
videos aren't to subscribe so you're
probably like who the heck is this chick
I am based in New York City but I am now
in Las Vegas this was my first CES ever
and what would a CES video a CES vlog be
without showing you what's in my CEOs
camera but I this to start off it's an
ona bags there's a lot of room and a lot
of room for a macbook as well I'm
editing with a 15-inch MacBook Pro with
the updated cumulate processor if you
have the top section here I'm just gonna
put some charger things
I've no charger and then a mo fee for
power and then I have a lot of stuff in
here the main source of audio that I
have is a road lob system this is a
wireless la kit that you can plug
straight into your camera so it's super
easy you don't have to worry about
lining up audio and post so I'm actually
gonna plug these in right now so now I'm
using the wrote love mic so hopefully
it's a little bit better so this little
pouch is where I keep all of my
batteries not super exciting most
exciting part is the majority of footage
that you're gonna be seeing is from this
guy this is my main rig it's the sony
a7s mark ii at these 16 to 35 and rode
videomic pro so we got a Joby Gorillapod
on it so I can tripod it up or hold it
and do it selfie mode everyone say hi to
Zack media behind us outside of the sony
a7s mark - I have my point-and-shoot
this is my go-to the Sony rx100 mark 5
so it does have that flip screen it's
good for selfie moding it shoot up to
480 frames per second in 960 frames per
second when you want to get crazy with
slow-mo so that's why I like it when it
comes to lenses I have the sony 35
millimeter f 2.8 this one is really good
for run-and-gun but you can also get
some pretty bokeh with this because it
is f 2.8 and we've been having issues
with Bluetooth and stuff there's so many
audio interfaces and Bluetooth things
happening around me so this love mic
might not be the best solution future
Sarah editing this is their audio issues
this is a 7200 since my telephoto lens
when I need to get the shots
for version the f 2.8 is just massive
and I would never bring it around with
this is where I keep my SD cards and
because I have too many experiences with
losing very important footage I have two
separate cases that say full and empty
and I will put the cards in the
according cake I got some new jovi
accessories the entire east and then I'm
actually at CES is because of Jovi's a
shout-out to Joby for sponsoring this
video and making this possible they have
some new accessories out this is the
Joby mobile rig I meet Mike first of all
I just think how much my clothes
kyumin's but it turns your phone into a
mobile ray this has my iPhone 10 at the
center of it has a microphone it has two
lights put anything you want on these
sidearms you might not have fancy
cameras but you probably have a phone so
I love the idea of taking this taking
your phone and make it the ultimate
logging rig one more Joby accessory so
this is their new telepods so check this
out like it's a lifesaver
but this is super handy because it's
versatile it can be a tripod if you want
and also there is this thing that is a
Bluetooth trigger say your happen to
Hank
well this triggers the shutter button to
take your pictures make your video so
super handy
I'm NCES for two days maybe I can talk
to some youtubers that you guys like
there's a lot of tech youtubers here
let's go
probably get all my camera gear I have
evidence here what has been one thing
that has stood out maybe something
epochs of mutant expects it will be the
N when pc bot case this was a four
thousand dollar PC case Cydia is a big
sort of like glass sphere or like a
sphere
so it actually motorized does open and
close and that also will swivel around
so you can put an entire PC na and
basically it looks like almost like a
turf like portal except clear it was
really bizarre but actually
[Music]
I obviously need to practice my drone
skills this is my CES top drones drones
drones drugs they were everywhere there
is this one booth called by robot and
they have a drone that's called a light
run so it's basically the world's first
miniature racing drones so they claim as
I was visiting drone booths especially
the ones that are racing drones I did a
few simulations and I realized like Oh
flying a racing drone is not the same as
a DJI Mavic or a phantom however the by
robot light roan has the auto hovering
feature like a Mavic would so I actually
found it super fun to control because I
actually could control it
the most fascinating thing was the drone
with the big plastic ball around so
there was a really no consequence of
flying it into things people were
hitting it I was getting close to it
trying to take selfies it seemed very
sick I actually went to the website to
see if I could buy one but that plastic
ball accessory wasn't the thing and I
wanted it's all about that drone
lifestyle we love the drone lifestyle
drones are not the toy they're not done
not just to girls why it's a lifestyle
that's why we get a tattooed we love it
number two is the NAR box where you can
back up download edit and share footage
laptop free so this is Starbucks you can
take any SD card out of any camera and
you can plug it right in then you
connect with your phone
you can backup you can edit you can view
all your files no matter if they're a
high bitrate high resolution high frame
rate videos will give you a proxy so you
can view and edit and share those and
save those to your home can make
redundant copies no lapse that required
it's waterproof its shockproof dustproof
it has 128 or 256 gigs of storage stay
tuned for another version that's coming
out pretty soon we'll be announcing it
seeing a DJI and LaCie actually released
a direct competitor to the gnar box
they're calling it the DJI copilot so if
this you're gonna have all the same
functions they are also going to have an
app to accompany it but the cool thing
is it has a display on the outside of
the drive where you can check the status
the kicker is the copilot is actually
going to be 370 dollars hopefully
shipping in March for a 2 terabyte drive
now the nar box is 256 gigabytes at a
399 price tag so I am always
cheerleading for the underdog smaller
companies and our box actually started
on Kickstarter which is sick but with
this copilot coming out at that price
they're gonna have to step it up and
hopefully lower the price so that brings
me to number 3 which is the kodak super
8 camera where they're saying they are
bringing the analog magic and meeting it
with digital convenience this is a film
camera with some digital upgrade so
there is a digital viewfinder there
SD slot where you can record the audio
to once you're done filming you send
your film off to Kodak they're going to
process it for you and then you download
the digitized files from their Kodak
darkroom website there they can also
send you back the developed film I
personally love absolutely adore the
film look a lot of videos I make I
actually try to make digital footage
look more filming so of course I am
intrigued I want this I want to play
around with it however comma it's
shipping in the spring for around two
thousand dollars and on top of that two
thousand dollar price tag you're still
gonna have to buy film and then get it
developed that's the whole process and
it's expensive so if you're down for it
it's gonna be cool but when I talked to
the guy and the booth he was saying that
this is aiming towards young digital
filmmakers that want to experience film
for the first time so yeah this quirky
toy that's gonna be over two thousand
dollars in a pain in the butt to use I
was so fascinated by Kodak at CES that
they got the number four slot - number
four comes in at their Kodak coin which
is a cryptocurrency they're starting for
their Kodak one platform so they will be
doing an ICO very soon a initial coin
offering to raise money for this new
Kodak one platform so their website says
the Kodak one image rights management
platform will create an encrypted
digital ledger of Rights ownerships for
photographers to register both new and
archived work that they can then license
within the platform so if you slap some
blockchain technology on anything you're
doing you're gonna get buzzed their
stock market price surge right after the
analysis people that oh my gosh
blockchain technology a cryptocurrency
I honestly think this Kodak one idea is
cool it'll be interesting to see if they
can execute on it but the thing that I
was shocked by is their cash
minor this is a mining device where you
can mine crypto you can mine some
Bitcoin if you're not aware a Bitcoin or
the blockchain I strongly recommend to
look it up it is a very fascinating
technology and it's definitely not going
anywhere but in order to do Bitcoin
transactions there has to be several
computers nodes whatever doing all the
hash making all of the transactions and
so when you do that those devices get a
little bit a Bitcoin for doing that
transaction so they're basically saying
hey by our cash miner for thirty four
hundred dollars for two years and then
every month give us half of the money
that you earn off of mining they say you
can earn up to three hundred and seventy
five dollars a month if Bitcoin stays
around fourteen thousand dollars but
Bitcoin hasn't traditionally been very
stable and if you're aware of Bitcoin as
time goes on it gets harder to mine and
the rewards that you get become smaller
this was super strange to me when I saw
it I audibly laughed and it almost
seemed just like a quick money grab
scheme like oh look at this become rich
the people who are mining Bitcoin back
in 2012-2013 yeah they're probably
millionaires by now but this just seems
like a desperate cry from Kodak saying
look we are relevant a cash Kodak
whatever they're calling it minor keep
in mind that Kodak filed for bankruptcy
in 2012 and husban a struggling company
ever since this crazy age of digital
cameras what do you guys think of this
this is I it's crazy but it's
interesting number five is the G H 5s
the Panasonic jh5 has been a camera that
everyone has been talking about
fascinated by it is a Micro Four Thirds
camera now they came out with the gh 5s
pin towards more cinematographers so
this is a camera instead of a 20
megapixel since
like the gh 5 the S has a 10 megapixel
sensor but it has better low-light
capabilities similar to these sony a7s -
keep in mind that the a7s2 came out in
2015 and we are definitely do for a
upgrade sometime this year
the GH 5's iso goes up to 51 thousand
two hundred and two hundred and four
thousand eight hundred ISO extended you
can shoot cinema 4k on this up to sixty
frames per second which is actually
pretty sick and up to two hundred and
eighty frames per second in 1080 there
is no limit to how much 4k footage you
can record on this any price tag is two
thousand four hundred and ninety nine
dollars which I thought was a pretty
steep price tag for something that's
like like a side camera to the gh five
and something that the a7 s3 when it
comes out this year is probably going to
blow those specs away a huge difference
between the Sony and the Panasonic is
the sony is a full-frame sensor the GH
5s isn't meant to directly compete with
their already existent GH 5 but just to
be another camera they're looking to
expand their micro four-thirds lineup
I'm just I'm just all about that full
frame life so I'm gonna be waiting for
the new Sony however the GH by both then
they do have swivel screens so you can
see yourself when you're filming me
right now I can't see where it all right
hopefully I've been focused
[Music]
without a ride in a helicopter that is
what I am talking about specifically my
friends that flight an eye on her that I
was in Vegas or like yo you want to go
up in a helicopter
yes yes I do I watch YouTube right now
[Music]
thank you
don't take you the
take your heart
[Music]
I hope you guys enjoyed this video let
me know if you liked it and hit that
subscribe button down below to join the
PG fam for the most creative family and
make sure to check out the new Joby
accessories down in the description
below the mobile rig the telepods aka
light saber shoutout to Joby for
bringing me to CES it's such a pleasure
to work with brands that I am so stoked
on and I so believe in it was a fun CES
I've actually I'm looking forward to
next year maybe staying longer
yeah but thank you so much for watching
this video and I'll see you in the next
one subscribe subscribe stay peachy okay
[Music]